fix(curriculum): clarify instructions (#59143)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-accessibility-by-building-a-quiz/614394fb41985e0d2012a93e.md

The question numbers are not descriptive enough. This is especially true for visually impaired users. One way to get around such an issue, without having to add visible text to the element, is to add text only a screen reader can read.

> Nest a `span` element with a `class` of `sr-only` inside each of the `h3` elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nest a `span` element with a `class` of `sr-only` at the end each of the `h3` elements.
```
This should make it more clear on where
